Added subsections in basic project guide, fixed dropdown (#5)
MrDiver/manim: docs/source/adventure/project.rst

            math = MathTex(r"""
                \begin{bmatrix} %(v1x)d \\ %(v1y)d \end{bmatrix}
                +\begin{bmatrix} %(v2x)d \\ %(v2y)d \end{bmatrix}
            """ % {
                'v1x': v1x,
                'v2x': v2x,
                'v1y': v1y,
                'v2y': v2y
            }).shift(DOWN)

            resultant_vector = r"=\begin{bmatrix} %(x)d \\ %(y)d \end{bmatrix}" % {
                'x': v1x+v2x,
                'y': v1y+v2y
            }
            math_with_answer = MathTex(
                math.get_tex_string()+resultant_vector
            ).move_to(math.get_center())

            self.play(Write(math), FadeIn(title))
            self.wait(2)
            self.play(
                math.animate.shift(2*UP).set_opacity(0.5),
                Write(math_with_answer)
            )
            conclusion = Paragraph("As you can see,\nYou add each component individually").to_edge(DOWN)
            self.play(Write(conclusion))
            self.wait(2)
            self.play(Unwrite(math), Unwrite(math_with_answer), Unwrite(conclusion), Unwrite(title))

Hints
-----

Use :class:`.Title` to display the title at the top of the Scene.

> Use :class:`.MathTex` to represent the matrices, try not to hardcode the values into the LaTeX string, instead, use python string formatting, this will allow us to define the resultant vector dynamically.

Reviewer: nitpick: it's kind of hard to understand because of the run-on sentence.
What about something like this?
```suggestion
Use :class:`.MathTex` to represent the matrices, and try not to hardcode the values into the LaTeX string. Instead, you can use python string formatting and numpy vector addition, which will make it easier to change the vectors later if we need to.
```

.. code-block:: python

    v1x, v1y = (2, 2)
    v2x, v2y = ...
    math = MathTex(r"""
                ... %(v1x)d \\ %(v1y)d ...
                + ... %(v2x)d \\ %(v2y)d ...
            """ % {
                'v1x': v1x,
                'v2x': v2x,
                'v1y': v1y,
                'v2y': v2y

>             })

Reviewer: Great! Good idea giving them a basic demonstration :)

                    +\begin{bmatrix} %(v2x)d \\ %(v2y)d \end{bmatrix}
                """ % {
                    'v1x': v1x,
                    'v2x': v2x,
                    'v1y': v1y,
                    'v2y': v2y
                }).shift(DOWN)

                resultant_vector = r"=\begin{bmatrix} %(x)d \\ %(y)d \end{bmatrix}" % {
                    'x': v1x+v2x,
                    'y': v1y+v2y
                }
                math_with_answer = MathTex(
                    math.get_tex_string()+resultant_vector
                ).move_to(math.get_center())

                self.play(Write(math), FadeIn(title))
                self.wait(2)
                self.play(
                    math.animate.shift(2*UP).set_opacity(0.5),
                    Write(math_with_answer)
                )
                conclusion = Paragraph("As you can see,\nYou add each component individually").to_edge(DOWN)
                self.play(Write(conclusion))
                self.wait(2)
                self.play(Unwrite(math), Unwrite(math_with_answer), Unwrite(conclusion), Unwrite(title))

============================
Geometric vector addition
============================

> Lastly, let's show the vector addition geometrically, let's reproduce the following:

Reviewer: Nitpick at phrasing:
```suggestion
Lastly, let's show the vector addition geometrically. Try your best to reconstruct the following:
```

                plane=plane
            )

            sum_vec = VectorGroup(
                ORIGIN,
                sum_point,
                r"\boldsymbol{\vec{v}_1}+\boldsymbol{\vec{v}_2}",
                ORANGE,
                direction=DOWN,
                plane=plane
            )

            self.play(Create(plane), Create(v1))
            self.wait(0.5)
            self.play(Create(v2))
            self.wait()

            # animate movement of vectors
            self.play(
                Succession(
                    ReplacementTransform(v1.copy(), v1moved),
                    ReplacementTransform(v2.copy(), v2moved)
                )
            )
            self.wait()
            # draw sum vector
            self.play(Create(sum_vec))
            self.wait()
            self.play(*[
                Uncreate(x)
                for x in (
                    plane,
                    v1,
                    v2,
                    v1moved,
                    v2moved,
                    sum_vec
                )
            ])

Hints
-----

Use :class:`.NumberPlane` to define the cartesian plane.

Use :class:`.Arrow` for the vectors.

> To make sure the label of the vector and the vector shift together, you can define a custom :class:`.VGroup` class.

Reviewer: Minor nitpick, it's probably better to hint towards subclassing `VGroup` over creating a custom `VGroup`.
```suggestion
To make sure the label of the vector and the vector shift together, you can define a custom :class:`.VGroup` subclass.
```

It also might be nice to mention `@override_animation` here.

Author: Tell me if the mention of override_animation looks sound to you, I tried to cite it but it wouldn't work

                sum_point,
                r"\boldsymbol{\vec{v}_1}+\boldsymbol{\vec{v}_2}",
                ORANGE,
                direction=DOWN,
                plane=plane
            )

            self.play(Create(plane), Create(v1))
            self.wait(0.5)
            self.play(Create(v2))
            self.wait()

            # animate movement of vectors
            self.play(
                Succession(
                    ReplacementTransform(v1.copy(), v1moved),
                    ReplacementTransform(v2.copy(), v2moved)
                )
            )
            self.wait()
            # draw sum vector
            self.play(Create(sum_vec))
            self.wait()
            self.play(*[
                Uncreate(x)
                for x in (
                    plane,
                    v1,
                    v2,
                    v1moved,
                    v2moved,
                    sum_vec
                )
            ])

Hints
-----

Use :class:`.NumberPlane` to define the cartesian plane.

Use :class:`.Arrow` for the vectors.:

To make sure the label of the vector and the vector shift together, you can define a custom :class:`.VGroup` subclass.

> Take a look at the decorator :meth:`override_animation` to override the :class:`.Create` and :class:`.Uncreate` animations, it will come in handy when animating the subclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at the decorator :func:`.override_animation` to override the :class:`.Create` and :class:`.Uncreate` animations, it will come in handy when animating the subclass.
```
I believe override_animation is a function so this might help the hyperlink.

Author: Should be fixed
